Add reference page for tbot Helm chart (#49131)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/helm-reference/tbot.mdx

---
title: tbot Chart Reference
description: Values that can be set using the tbot Helm chart
---

This chart deploys an instance of the [MachineID](../../enroll-resources/machine-id/introduction.mdx) agent,
TBot, into your Kubernetes cluster.

To use it, you will need to know:

- The address of your Teleport Proxy Service or Auth Service
- The name of your Teleport cluster
- The name of a join token configured for Machine ID and your Kubernetes cluster

>   (https://goteleport.com/docs/enroll-resources/machine-id/deployment/kubernetes/)

Author: ```suggestion
  as described in the [Machine ID on Kubernetes guide](../../enroll-resources/machine-id/deployment/kubernetes.mdx)
```

By default, this chart is designed to use the `kubernetes` join method but it

> can be customised to use any delegated join method. We do not recommend that

Author: ```suggestion
can be customized to use any delegated join method. We do not recommend that
```
